<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>Chapter 1</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section id="preface" epub:type="preface">
			<h3 align="center">Preface</h3>
			<h3 align="center">Imitation of Horace Ep. 20.⁠—B. 1.</h3>
			<p class="poem">Methinks, Oh! vain ill-judging Book,<br/>
			I see thee cast a wishful look,<br/>
			Where reputations won and lost are<br/>
			In famous row called Paternoster.<br/>
			Incensed to find your precious olio<br/>
			Buried in unexplored port-folio,<br/>
			You scorn the prudent lock and key,<br/>
			And pant well bound and gilt to see<br/>
			Your Volume in the window set<br/>
			Of Stockdale, Hookham, or Debrett.<br/></p>
			<p class="poem">Go then, and pass that dangerous bourn<br/>
			Whence never Book can back return:<br/>
			And when you find, condemned, despised,<br/>
			Neglected, blamed, and criticised,<br/>
			Abuse from All who read you fall,<br/>
			(If haply you be read at all<br/>
			Sorely will you your folly sigh at,<br/>
			And wish for me, and home, and quiet.<br/></p>
			<p class="poem">Assuming now a conjuror’s office, I<br/>
			Thus on your future Fortune prophesy:⁠—<br/>
			Soon as your novelty is o’er,<br/>
			And you are young and new no more,<br/>
			In some dark dirty corner thrown,<br/>
			Mouldy with damps, with cobwebs strown,<br/>
			Your leaves shall be the Book-worm’s prey;<br/>
			Or sent to Chandler-Shop away,<br/>
			And doomed to suffer public scandal,<br/>
			Shall line the trunk, or wrap the candle!<br/></p>
			<p class="poem">But should you meet with approbation,<br/>
			And some one find an inclination<br/>
			To ask, by natural transition<br/>
			Respecting me and my condition;<br/>
			That I am one, the enquirer teach,<br/>
			Nor very poor, nor very rich;<br/>
			Of passions strong, of hasty nature,<br/>
			Of graceless form and dwarfish stature;<br/>
			By few approved, and few approving;<br/>
			Extreme in hating and in loving;<br/></p>
			<p class="poem">Abhorring all whom I dislike,<br/>
			Adoring who my fancy strike;<br/>
			In forming judgements never long,<br/>
			And for the most part judging wrong;<br/>
			In friendship firm, but still believing<br/>
			Others are treacherous and deceiving,<br/>
			And thinking in the present aera<br/>
			That Friendship is a pure chimaera:<br/>
			More passionate no creature living,<br/>
			Proud, obstinate, and unforgiving,<br/>
			But yet for those who kindness show,<br/>
			Ready through fire and smoke to go.<br/></p>
			<p class="poem">Again, should it be asked your page,<br/>
			“Pray, what may be the author’s age?”<br/>
			Your faults, no doubt, will make it clear,<br/>
			I scarce have seen my twentieth year,<br/>
			Which passed, kind Reader, on my word,<br/>
			While England’s Throne held George the Third.<br/></p>
			<p class="poem">Now then your venturous course pursue:<br/>
			Go, my delight! Dear Book, adieu!<br/></p>
			<p class="poem">Hague,<br/>
			Oct. 28, 1794. M. G. L.<br/></p>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
